Review of FAQ sections with suggested improvements (#1044)
conan-io/docs: developing_packages/workspaces.rst

    Workspace HelloA: Generated conaninfo.txt
    Workspace HelloA: Generated conanbuildinfo.txt

Note that nothing will really be installed in the local cache, all the dependencies are resolved locally:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ conan search
    There are no packages

> Also, all the generated *conanbuildinfo.cmake* for each dependencies are installed in the *build* folder. You can inspect them to check

Reviewer: Each dependency generates one *conanbuildinfo.cmake* file, all those files are installed in the *build* folder. I think this is not what the sentence says.

> Also, all the generated *conanbuildinfo.cmake* for each dependencies are installed in the *build* folder. You can inspect them to check

Author: ```suggestion
Also, each dependency generates one *conanbuildinfo.cmake* file and all of them are installed in the *build* folder. You can inspect them to check
```

> that the paths they define for their dependencies, are user folders, not pointing to the local cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that the paths they define for their dependencies are user folders, not pointing to the local cache.
```
